[JINGLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, everybody.
My name is Gosia Duszak.
And I'm very happy to be
here with the material
from our Taygetan crew.
We are going to
introduce the Taygetans.
And I will explain a
little bit who they are,
how they got here, what
they are doing here,
and how this contact began.
I was born in Poland.
And at the age of 22, I left
Poland, first to the USA.
Then I lived in
Australia, where I
went to the University
of Queensland,
studying comparative religion.
Then I went on to
live in Costa Rica,
then on to Spain, in
Barcelona, where in 2011 I
opened a metaphysical store
called Cosmic Agency--
Spanish "Agencia Cosmica."
And already at that point, I
felt like my dream and vision
somehow is to serve as
the mediating point, where
higher-dimensional concepts
and ideas can be introduced
to the earthly realm.
In 2017, my friend Robert, who
is actually my work partner,
went to the UFO
Congress in Barcelona.
And he was introduced
there to a lady who,
as she revealed to him,
had a direct communication
with the Taygetan
Pleiadians on the ship
in the orbit of the Earth.
Shortly after, the lady
introduced him to the crew.
After a few months,
he introduced me
to that lady, who, after a
few weeks of preparation,
introduced me to the
lady on the ship.
Her name was Swaruu.
She was our first and
main contact at the time.
She was a Taygetan Pleiadian.
So we are very honored
to be speaking to her.
We started communicating in
writing through the internet.
The information
is not channeled.
Since we have the
technology of the internet,
and they have tapped into
it, the communication
is much more reliable
this way, for the purity
of the information
is maintained.
We started communicating almost
daily, many times for hours.
Later on, we were
introduced also
to Aneeka, who is our
other principal contact.
She has arrived here to the
Earth's orbit in April 2016.
And her position in the crew--
as they all have their specific
positions--
is that of chief analyst
of the terrestrial
as well as space data.
And she is a sort of a chief
intelligence on the ship.
Also, among other
responsibilities and tasks--
because they all specialize
in many different things--
is holographic
computers on board,
quantic computers on board.
But you have to completely
redefine the word "quantic."
Because what we
understand by the word
"quantic" is not what they
are referring to here.
They can live up to
1,000 Earth linear years.
However, this specific
crew is very young.
They are from the fifth
density, the natural density
in which everything outside
of Earth is immersed.
However, as Yazhi
Swaruu explains,
there are actually no densities.
It's all state of mind.
It's not a specific location.
In the course of the
last three years,
we talked to many of
them from the crew.
And altogether, we talked
to about 16 of them.
And now I'm going to actually
explain to you each photo--
how much work has been done,
and if it's a real photo
or if it's a modified photo.
OK, so let's begin.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Well, this is Yazhi Swaruu.
This is a modified photo of her.
Now, this is Minerva--
Minerva Swaruu,
Swaruu 11 so-called.
This is also modified.
This is modified
but based on her,
based on how she really is.
And yes, Minerva Swaruu has
very dark eyes, almost black.
Dhor Káal'él-- this is
a real photo, real face.
This is how he is.
A photo is a bit
overworked, perhaps.
Now, this is Raguel.
This is also his face, real
photo, also a bit overworked.
Nai'shara-- this is her.
And it's minimum work that has
been applied to this photo.
Aneeka of Temmer--
you already know her--
real face, real photo,
moderate work has been applied.
And Athena Swaruu, also
real face, moderate work.
And some other
photos that I will
be sharing also in the future--
real bold and direct photos.
Sometimes even the big run
comes through if it's plain,
and there's nothing to it.
Now, when we began
this communication,
there were about 20, 25
thousand Taygetan Pleiadians
in the orbit.
Now it's down to 30.
And it's a very limited
number of the Taygetans who
can actually speak to humans.
Not all of them are actually
trained in the human languages
or in human mentality.
Because the mentalities
here differ,
and you have to be sort of
prepared to talk to humans.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
At this point, I want to specify
that they are specifically
from the star system of
Taygeta in the Pleiades M45.
That's why they don't like
to be called Pleiadians.
Because in the
Pleiades, there are
so many different races, some
of them not even interstellar.
In that system, there
are four planets.
Temmer is the main
one, where the capital
city is, Toleka City.
It's a tropical planet
full of tropical islets.
Then there is Erra.
And then there is
Procyon and Dakotee.
Most of them are
from Temmer and Erra.
I actually asked Aneeka for
some detailed and technical
information about their ship.
And this is the information
she provided to me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Their ship is called Toleka.
Construction year-- 1935.
And construction site,
Temmer, Taygeta, M45 Pleiades.
The ship's emblem--
white-haired woman
with golden and silver
armor, red cape,
on a royal crown background.
Sister ships, which
means other ships
of this type, same class--
8.
Ship type classification--
heavy cruiser.
Ship type use and equipment--
flagship of the
fleet, Queen's yacht.
Ship internal equipment layout--
science, multipurpose,
and luxury installations.
Crew accommodations--
originally the ship
is designed for
1,800 crew members.
But the crew accommodations
at this time--
30.
Hull length is 1,734 meters.
Hull length with
frontal sensor boom--
2,023 meters.
Hull width-- 140 meters.
Hull height-- 120 meters.
Main hangar length--
1,156 meters.
Mass weight-- approximate
2 million metric tons.
Power-- four crystal-core
spherical zero-point reactors.
Engines-- 8 plus 2 frontal
counter-rotating plasma
turbines.
Main propulsion--
full-immersion magnetic toroid.
Secondary propulsion-- plasma
jet 7.5 PeV times 4 plus 4
classified.
Control for maneuvers-- gravity
cancelation, manipulation,
multiple sphere nodes.
Hull composition--
polymorphic metal super alloy.
Internal structure
layout-- modular.
Range-- unlimited.
Internal control-- ship-wide
full-capacity artificial
intelligence.
Atmospheric flight
capacity, yes.
Armament, yes.
Current orbital height--
480 kilometers low orbit inside
artificial five-density bubble.
Orbital speed-- one
orbit every 180 minutes,
exact data classified.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, why are they
here, especially
at this time of
our history, which
is one of the most
important times and points
of the human history?
It's a turning point.
The main role here
of the Taygetans--
because I can only speak for
the Taygetans themselves,
I don't speak to anybody else--
is to assist right now with
the transformation on Earth,
with the human consciousness,
and with the fight
against the negative regressives
who are controlling the Earth
and have been for millennia.
They have been stationed
here for centuries.
They have always been here,
one crew or the other.
And they are always on rotation.
But their presence
has always been here.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, this specific
ship appeared in 1952.
Their purpose of being
here and the tasks
keep changing
depending on the times.
But their tasks are multiple.
They are here to observe
what is going on,
to study what is
going on, to assist
the Earth and the humans
in any way possible.
However, you have to understand
that that assistance--
and I'm not just talking
about Taygetan Pleiadians--
is mostly done covertly.
It's not done in the public
and for the human knowledge.
They don't want any credit.
Actually, it's against
so-called "prime directive,"
which is very real,
to be assisting
humans in the open way with
things like technology that
are not aligned with
the natural evolution
of the technological
state of the given planet.
Even though, ah, there's
much more to this.
And there are a lot of
factions of extraterrestrials
and within the
Federation itself.
And those factions sometimes do
cooperate with certain factions
on Earth, and that
prime directive
is not always exactly followed.
But that's for another topic.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So the specific
crew consists mainly
of very young, idealistic,
noble, very proactive
and passionate Taygetans, who
came here to assist the Earth.
And some of them,
not all of them,
learned to speak
human languages.
And in that group,
some of them were
trained to interact with
people here on Earth.
So Aneeka, and Yazhi
Swaruu, and also Káal'él--
Káal'él is a man,
Taygetan pilot;
and Raguel is another
Taygetan pilot, man--
some of the ones that
we have been talking to.
Since 2008, they have had
thousands of humans on Earth
who they talked to.
Because at that time,
they were more numerous,
and there were about
500 Taygetan staff
talking to the humans on Earth.
That was their mission.
That was, actually, one
of their objectives.
And to assess the level
of mental preparation
for an extraterrestrial contact.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The main job now for this
communication, I feel,
is to simply offer
liberating knowledge
for the humans,
the knowledge that
has been hidden from the
humankind for such a long time.
They share with us a
multitude of topics
on how the reality works, the
metaphysics, spirituality,
who we are, history, hidden
history, technology, biology,
stellar navigation.
There is just so, so
much in the videos.
[MUSIC PLAYING]